PUF (#8)
HL7Norway/ElektroniskDodsmelding: Use cases/UseCases.md

See create PractitionerRole example [here](../ElektroniskDodsmelding.Samples/Sample%20requests/PractitionerRole.md)
See create Patient example [here](../ElektroniskDodsmelding.Samples/Sample%20requests/Patient.md)

### Register death message where the deceased do not have a norwegian identifier (FNR/DNR) 

> Sending a death message where the deceased is a foreigner or for some reason do not have a norwegian identifier is also supported. These death messages requires more information related to deceased. See [here](../ElektroniskDodsmelding.Samples/Sample%20requests/Patient-foreigner.md). Foreigners or persons without (FNR/DNR) are also refered to as PUF (Person Uten Personnummer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending a death message where the deceased is a foreigner or for some reason does not have a Norwegian identifier is also supported. These death messages require more information related to the deceased. See [here](../ElektroniskDodsmelding.Samples/Sample%20requests/Patient-foreigner.md). Foreigners or persons without (FNR/DNR) are also refered to as PUF (Person Uten Personnummer)
```

> **Note:** By changing the time of death or aborting the death message, related current cause of death registration will be updated in the cause of death register at FHI, but the "Legeerklæring" PDF created during the cause of death registgration is not updated.

> > **OBS!** Currently death messages reported on foreigners does not support any changes or revocation. Will be supported in the near furture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Currently death messages reported on foreigners does not support any changes or revocation. Will be supported in the near furture.
```
